Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'Greetings Norathians.  Welcome to this wonderous celebration.'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'We come here to The Glade of Surefall  to celibrate the meeting and perpetual grouping of the Elven Ranger Liluvdar Trackalot and the Elven Bard Meauta Rokudan.'
Gvelz smiles.
Gvelz claps his hands together - hurray!
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'Love...'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'Is like a Bixie.'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'You never know when it's going to sting you.  In fact, when you least expect it most likely.'
Sophiella snickers.
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'I mean, there  you'll be, in Kithcore forest, minding your own business, having a bit of meditation time, and those Bixies just have NO....'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'Oh dear I've gone off track...'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'Well anyway the point is, that Bixies really have nothing to do with it.'
Gvelz panics and screams.
Gvelz boggles, shaking his head and looking confused.
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'But LOVE!  Ah like a summer rain that falls...'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'Like a winter spring that calls softly...'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'laughing together'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'crying together'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'They say life imitates art.'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'This is for certain Art imitating Life.'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'And in these peacful surroundings is a perfect place to celebrate Life and the art of living.'
Gvelz bows before Liluvdar.
Liluvdar bows before Gvelz.
Gvelz bows before Meauta.
Meauta bows before Gvelz.
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'Meauta do you, bein of sound mind, take Liluvdar to be your Ranger .ahem. erm Husband?'
Meauta tells lilswedding:1, 'yes i do'
Merona Castekin begins to cast a spell.
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'And Liluvdar, do you, bein of sound mind take Meauta here to be yer wife?'
Liluvdar tells lilswedding:1, 'yes I do'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'May the gods and godeses Smile upon you both through this journey Liluvdar and Meauta...'
Gvelz tells lilswedding:1, 'I now pronounce ye elf and elf.  Let the party begin!'